Created issue templates (#6730)
elastic/eui: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/ask-a-question.md

Reviewer: I'd also like to request the following information from people opening usage issues:

```
Please include the following information:
- EUI version:
- React version:
- Build tool: (e.g. Webpack, Vite, Rollup, Next.js)

If you're having an implementation usage issue and are asking for debugging help, please try to create a **minimum reproducible sandbox** (visit our [docs site](https://elastic.github.io/eui/) and click the CodeSandbox logo in the top-right corner).
```

Author: 9ecfea65445e2ed5990f2161b6a30e9cf55ba7a7

---

> name: Ask a question

Reviewer: Emoji/copy suggestion 😄 
```suggestion
name: ❓ Usage question
```

about: Ask for help with usage
title: ''
labels: question
assignees: ''

---

**Before you ask**

You may find your question has already been asked, please check the following places first:

> - Search in Github, your question may have been answered in an issue.

Reviewer: Including a link may be helpful here
```suggestion
- [Search in Github](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Aelastic%2Feui+your%20question&type=issues) - your question may have been asked and answered in another issue.
```

- Check out our [docs](https://elastic.github.io/eui/#/), the answer to most questions can be found there.

> - Elastic employees have access to the internal #eui Slack channel.

Reviewer: Just my 2c, but I'd rather not include this in a template that many non-Elastic-devs use. It feels somewhat exclusionary, and also I don't think discoverability of the Elastic #eui channel is an issue - we get plenty of questions there.

Author: Agreed
1997acedb5617ff50ee36b4bb6f8038c0a021775
